feat: add show referrers (#2)
AzureCR/vscode-securesupplychain: README.md

## Features

> The Show Referrers feature makes it easy to access and view the referrers and artifacts of a image. Although the referrers will appear in the same structure as the output of the command `oras discover OCI_ARTIFACT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Show Referrers feature makes it easy to access and view the referrers and artifacts of a image. Although the referrers will appear in the same structure as the output of the command `oras discover <image reference>`.
```

![Docker extension overview](resources/readme/ezgif.com-optimize.gif)

## Requirements
First run 'npm install' to get necessary libraries.

> Be sure to be logged into your Azure container registries and Docker client through terminal.

Reviewer: Can we be explicit about what this means in terms of steps? Does the user need to run `az acr login` on the cli. Do they need to do `docker login`? Or do they need to press some other button in the extension?
